https://opengameart.org/content/musketeer-officer-caonnon-animated - cannonGuy, musketCaptian
https://opengameart.org/content/viking-shieldmaiden-animated - sheildMaiden
https://opengameart.org/content/pink-monster-animation - pinky
https://opengameart.org/content/dwarves-0 - dwarves
https://opengameart.org/content/animated-horse - horse
https://opengameart.org/content/bat-rework - bats
https://opengameart.org/content/animated-bird-characters - birds
https://opengameart.org/content/bad-company-assorted-military-thugs-universal-prototype-2-for-scrolling-beat-em-up-or-mugen - army men
https://opengameart.org/content/goblin-corps-mv-platformer-set - goblins
https://opengameart.org/content/dragon-fully-animated - dragon
https://opengameart.org/content/classic-hero - classic hero
https://opengameart.org/content/ninja-animated - ninja
https://opengameart.org/content/free-dino-sprites - dino
https://opengameart.org/content/opp2017-sprites-characters-objects-effects - open pixel project
https://opengameart.org/content/opp2017-sprites-characters-objects-effects - toucan
https://opengameart.org/content/opp2017-sprites-characters-objects-effects - wasp
https://opengameart.org/content/opp2017-sprites-characters-objects-effects - leafBug
https://opengameart.org/content/opp2017-sprites-characters-objects-effects - skeleton
https://opengameart.org/content/lpc-chicken-rework - chicken
https://opengameart.org/content/pigs-rework - pig
https://opengameart.org/content/pigs-rework - boar
https://opengameart.org/content/bunny-rabbit-lpc-style-for-pixelfarm - bunny
https://opengameart.org/content/angels-vs-demons-character-tilesets - angel
https://opengameart.org/content/angels-vs-demons-character-tilesets - red demon
https://opengameart.org/content/angels-vs-demons-character-tilesets - white demon
https://opengameart.org/content/four-characters-my-lpc-entries - magical characters
https://opengameart.org/content/animated-wild-animals - wild animals
https://gbzoid.itch.io/poring - poring
https://zerie.itch.io/tiny-rpg-character-asset-pack - RPG characters
https://aamatniekss.itch.io/fantasy-knight-free-pixelart-animated-character -  Knight

***https://opengameart.org/content/track-tiles - tracks

*** https://www.kenney.nl/assets/category:2D?sort=update

